Hello. Me, Dustin. Welcome back to "Smarter Every Day" Did you know that Harry Haudini was
The first person to fly a plane to Australia? So I did not know that. Something crazy!
Actually. The life of this man was interesting because he lived an elusive death
In front of thousands of people. Now all this is known. What's in your ear?
Oh. There is a stone in your permission. Charm!
If this is appropriate, Harry Houdini was a Jew. These are usually Jews
If you want to respect the dead, go and lay a stone on the stone of the mausoleum. Why do we do that?
Let's see Queens New York, there are beautiful stone tombs and a beautiful stone setting
There I will explain to you how Houdini died.
Haudini was smart. He became famous for putting himself in difficult and intolerable situations.
And then he will miraculously appear as if he has come out of the pursuit of death
So what did he put here in New York? Since most people are afraid of drowning
Haudini was working his trick that included people tied chains in water. Months
His trick is the trick of "Chinese watery agony". For some reason I thought it had sank
When the trick turned wrong. But it really was just a punch in
His belly drowned him. Houdini was famous for his ability to take punches but at
22 - 10 - 1926 when he was sitting on the couch behind the scenes in
Monnerr. A man punches several times before he has any chance to defend himself
According to the testimony of his death. Harry died in Halloween because of something called "peritonitis"
So how to stomach stomach is accounted for in the death of Haundi? Although he has passed several punches previously?
OK. We returned to the "Alabama". To find out what happened. We went to the hospital
We'll meet the surgeon I've known for a long time. He is known for his steady hand
And with his words. Let's go see Dr. Gilbert. It's been a long time
how are you? Hi, It's been a long time. Your weight seems to have increased
Thanks I appreciate it. Its shape makes you feel secure. Oh, clear
I've known Dr. Gilbert for a long time. He made me enter to run his operations. If I asked you
To tell me about the death of Haudini. We know ... how do you say it?
"Sputum". OK. If to move he took a punch in his stomach
Haudini was lying on the table now. What will you do?
OK. Houdini. As far as this table. It will be
Approved the surgery. The first thing you should do is make it ...
We need to examine it. Let's say you have sputum. you need
To take the rays of your belly. You will definitely have surgical problems
It could have appendicitis, but appendicitis usually does not occur because
Shock. It could have been a delightful occasion
After the shock. What has been very well done
His intestines rupture. - So when you take a punch in your courage, what happens
There? I know muscles have something to do about it. - If you are ready you are tense
The muscles are almost all absorbed by energy